Lower. Lower. Her hand drifted lower with each second, until she encountered the lace of her panties and she let a sigh escape her parted lips. She knew she shouldn’t be doing this, but god, she was just so frustrated she just couldn’t stand it anymore. It was all his fault. Damn Edward Cullen and his dark, almost onyx eyes. Damn the way he had to look at her, like he wanted to devour her one second and kill her the very next one. Damn that copper mass of hair that made her want to run her fingers through the mess, grip it, tear it apart while she screamed out his name at the top of her lungs. She just didn’t get the guy, really. Ever since their first encounter three weeks ago, she hadn’t been able to get him out of her mind. She didn’t know what she could have done to him, except breathing in the same air as him, but it was obvious he had something against her, even if she had no idea what the hell that could have been. She hadn’t offended him in any way, not that she knew of at least. They hadn’t even exchanged two words, so how could she have done such a thing without even realizing it? She hadn’t been disrespectful or anything either, so she just didn’t understand why he always acted around her like she had committed some crime he wouldn’t ever be able to forgive her for. Still, while it more and more looked like it had simply been hate at first sight for him, Bella could easily admit that, as far as she was concerned, it had definitely beenlust at first glance in her case. The second she had entered Mr. Banner’s classroom on her first day of class at Forks High and she had caught a glimpse of the boy she was supposed to sit next to, she had immediately felt the urge to taste his creamy white skin, lick his red almost bloody lips to see if they tasted as good as they surely looked to her, even from a distance, run her hands over every inch of his body and memorize every sinew and curve, and she consequently had barely resisted the impulse to throw herself at the Adonis sitting there and ride him in front of all her new classmates. At least, those had been her thoughts until he had looked at her like she reeked of wet, dirty, disgusting dog, or like she had run over his favorite pet, or some member of his family. While she had managed to quell her lustful thoughts for the rest of the hour after having witnessed his own reaction to her, they had never truly left her mind afterward, the traitorous images of her riding him to oblivion, with or without witnesses, coming to invade her head just too often for her own good. That week he had gone MIA and had not appeared in class, she had almost convinced herself that she would forget all about him and manage to act like she hadn’t wanted to lick him from head to toes the day of their first meeting, but all her illusions had evaporated when he had reappeared and proceeded to thoroughly ignore her and act like she didn’t even exist. She didn’t know if it was because he reacted like he could care less if she suddenly dropped off the face of the earth, while he still kept throwing hateful glances at her every now and then, but if he thought this would deter her, he was sadly mistaken. Unfortunately for Bella, his reactions only made her want him more, need him more, and she knew all too well that it wouldn’t be long before she snapped completely and let him see who he was dealing with. Bella Swan wasn’t one to not get what she wanted and it was just unfortunate apparently, or at least that was probably what he would think soon, that she wanted Edward Cullen. As she lightly caressed herself over her panties, she couldn’t help but think of all the ways she could seduce Edward Cullen and make him become putty into her hands. She wasn’t a whore, having only slept with a few guys in Phoenix, but she usually didn’t have to work too much to get what she desired. It had been a while now though, and maybe this could explain why she was feeling like she would just burst from the inside out if she couldn’t find some sort of release very soon. She would have preferred to feel Edward’s tongue or fingers on her body of course, to feel him pumping in and out of her and bringing her to ecstasy, but beggars couldn’t be choosers and it had been definitely too long since she had been taken care of to stop now when she was so close to feeling pleasure again.  Charlie was still out, and even if he weren’t, he wasn’t one to hover around or dare enter her room without knocking first, so she was free to do as she pleased in her safe haven. A small moan spilled from her lips now as she found her swollen clit and raked a nail over it, wetness pooling between her legs once more at the action. It didn’t take her long to get going these days, but thoughts of one Edward Cullen, preferably naked, always got her there faster. Unable to take it any longer, even if she had barely touched herself yet, she quickly discarded her panties and brought her trusty purple vibrator close, in preparation of what would surely come later. For now she traced her moist folds with her fingers, enjoying her own touch for a few seconds, before she brought them to her now unobstructed clitoris again. Its sensitiveness made her gasp aloud and she couldn’t help drawing tight circles around it, her pelvis arching toward her digits before she could stop herself. God, it felt so good. How long had it been since she had let herself indulge in self-pleasuring now? Weeks probably! She truly wondered how she had been able to last so long, but the move and then getting settled in her new life could probably explain it. Pleasure coursed through her as she manipulated the small bundle of nerves and for a while, she was completely oblivious to what was going on around her. Seconds turned into long minutes and Bella was convinced she would soon stumble over the edge without even having to fuck herself with her fingers, when her ministrations were interrupted by a loud groan. * Charlie Swan was exhausted after one long day at the station and he wanted nothing more than to just put his feet under the table, savor one of the amazing meals he was slowly discovering his daughter was famous for and then just go to bed or relax in front of the TV. Entering his house, he was surprised to find all the lights out on the first floor, sure that he would have found Bella in the kitchen, like any other night he had gotten home. She wasn’t there this time, though, even if a plate with what looked like mashed potatoes and meat with gravy had been left on the table for him, and as Charlie spotted the hour on the wall clock, he realized that for once he had managed to leave the station sooner than he usually did. Ascending the stairs to see what Bella was doing and why she hadn’t greeted him downstairs like she had done almost every day for the past three weeks or so, he was greeted by soft music and was almost immediately assured that everything was alright with his daughter. It had felt weird having her here at first, moreover when he had been so used to living alone for so long now, but he couldn’t deny that it felt good as well, being able to see her everyday and not just a few weeks every summer, like had been the norm for years now. He had missed her, even if he couldn’t believe how much she had changed since the last time he had seen her, or how independent he was discovering every day she had become. Charlie was just about to knock on her door when a soft moan reached his ears and like any parent who had seen their clumsy child fall and hurt themselves one too many times in the past, he immediately grew alarmed, thinking that maybe something had happened to Bella while he had been away and that was why she had apparently not even heard he had been back. Forgetting to knock, he opened the door and was met with a sight no parent should ever come upon. His little girl, his sweet baby was lying on her bed, feet on its edge, legs spread and facing the door and the way her fingers moved against her naked core left absolutely no doubt about what she could be doing, or what he had stumbled upon. Now if he had had any sane cell left in his brain after such a sight, Charlie would have surely stepped back and turned the way he had come, forgotten he had even ever caught his daughter in such a compromising position and never, ever let her know he had even seen anything, but as it was, he was just unable to make a move. He stood there stupidly, mouth hanging open, watching as his only child frigged her clit almost furiously and couldn’t even find it in himself to scold himself for being unable to take his eyes off of the scene in front of him. He was like completely enthralled by the way her fingers moved, the sight of the liquid pearling down Bella’s shaven-clean sex as she obviously brought herself closer and closer to the point of no return, the way her eyes were tightly closed but her lips parted as she moaned over and over again, making him stay rooted on his spot. God, she was beautiful, and no matter how wrong he clearly knew it was, he just couldn’t stop watching. Taking a closer step forward, he was hit with a strong whiff of Bella’s arousal and before he could stop himself, he found himself groaning aloud, the sound effectively breaking the moment and Bella out of whatever imaginative world she had been. Horror washed over her face as she spotted her father there, standing still like paralyzed and it wasn’t until she shrieked and tried to cover her nudity that Charlie finally snapped out of it. “Dad! Oh, my god!” her scream was loud enough to be heard all the way to the other side of Forks and Bella scrambled to find something to cover herself, the only thing she managed to reach being a pillow she threw quickly over her heated sex. God, she had been so fucking close, but seeing Charlie standing there had definitely destroyed the mood. She was horrified, she was mortified, and had probably never felt as embarrassed as she was feeling right at that instant. She had just been caught, naked, fingers between her legs, masturbating, by her own freaking father. Worst of all? The idiot was standing there, like there wasn’t even anything wrong with what had just happened! “What the hell are you doing here?” she yelled almost right away after having recovered from the first shock, forgetting for a moment who she was talking to. He didn’t deserve any indulgence though, not after what he had just done! God, since when did he barge in there without even knocking? He hadn’t knocked, right? Or was she just so out of it that she hadn’t even heard him? Still, that was no excuse! “Get out!” “I-I… I’m s-sorry, Bells…” Charlie stuttered, his hands extended in front of him, like he was anticipating that Bella would lose her temper and throw something at him and was already trying to protect himself. “I d-didn’t… I… I just… I d-didn’t know… I thought you were… hurt… or something…” He tried to explain to her that he had heard her moan in there and had thought she had hurt herself, but the words just wouldn’t come out like he wanted them to. “Well, I am clearly not… am I?” Bella growled back, not believing he hadn’t batted a hasty retreat yet. Couldn’t he see that she couldn’t move right now, not without giving him another eyeful? “I know… I just…” Charlie stammered again, before he apologized again. “I’m so sorry…” “Seriously, Charlie… Get.  Out…” Bella shrieked once more, not caring about how sorry he could truly be at that moment. “Okay… it’s okay…” “No, it’s not okay… this is just… horrifying… my god…” she rumbled then, not comprehending how he could say that this was in any way okay. It wasn’t, and it wouldn’tever be again! There was no way they could get past it, she could as well take a plane back to Phoenix, or Florida, or wherever her mother was with Phil now and try to forget she had ever come back to Forks.  If she hadn’t been so mad at her father at that instant, she would have surely been shedding tears of utter humiliation. “No… no, B-Bells… it’s just… that was…” he didn’t even know what he wanted to say, but he just couldn’t stand the thought of his daughter being mad at him for something he hadn’t even done on purpose. “What?” Bella just uttered, wishing he would just get out and let her wallow in her self-pity. Maybe she could just close her eyes, stop breathing and die before she had time to really realize how utterly fucked up this whole situation was. “You just… you were… that was… b-beautiful…” this time the words escaped his mouth before he could realize what he was saying, but he didn’t miss Bella’s incredulous expression. “Don’t… don’t be ashamed…” “Don’t be ashamed?” she repeated, her face caught between horror and disgust, before another outraged screech passed her lips. “My god… you… you watched?” Realization struck her suddenly that he hadn’t just opened the door and groaned immediately at the sight, but that he had probably been there longer than what she had first assumed. “I… n-no… I just…” he tried to lie, but the look Bella almost immediately gave him was enough for him to understand that it would be no use. “I-I’m sorry… it’s just… it’s been s-so long…” he finished lamely, giving Bella the worst excuse he could have come up with, no matter how true it could be. It had definitely been too long since he had seen anyone, any woman, no matter who she was, do something as erotic as what he had just witnessed. “And you think that’s justification enough to perve on your own daughter?!” there was no mistaking how disgusted Bella was now, and for a moment it made Charlie really feel bad. “No… no, of c-course not…” he stuttered shamefully, but Bella didn’t let him speak any further. “What? Do you get off on watching your own daughter masturbating?” she all but yelled, daring him to say anything to the contrary. “Did you like it?” There was a harshness in her words that Charlie had never heard before coming from Bella’s mouth, and he could only shake his head as words failed him once more. “Bells…” he just uttered and then couldn’t help but gasp aloud when Bella suddenly seemed to snap and pushed the pillow that had been hiding her from his gaze away from her naked lower body, throwing it at him and barely missing hitting him square in the face. “You want to watch, huh?... Is that what you want?” she asked then, her tone furious, sure that if it hadn’t done the trick earlier, she would surely scar him for life now. “Well, suit yourself…” She had no sooner finished her sentence that she was closing her eyes again and reaching for her sex once more, like her father wasn’t even in the room and didn’t have  a clear view of her most private parts again. Sure that he would probably leave running and screaming now, she concentrated on herself, thinking that she would probably not manage to get herself off anyway with what had just happened, but she was surprised to find herself still wet, even despite the circumstances. She attributed it to the fact that she had been so close to release before being so rudely interrupted, but she couldn’t deny that there was something strangely erotic to the thought of someone watching her do something so naughty, no matter who that was. With her eyes closed, she could imagine it was the man she wanted it to be, and it wasn’t long before she let her imagination run wild again and had managed to convince herself that Edward was in her room, eyes following her every move. Only Edward wasn’t really there, no matter how hard Bella was trying to picture him, but her father surely was. Logically, he should be rushing out of there, screaming at the top of his lungs even, swearing that he would never enter Bella’s room without knocking first, ever again, but he was a man, a man who had not had sex in any way, except through self-gratification, for a few years now and it suddenly didn’t seem to matter that the woman performing just before his eyes was actually his daughter. She was a woman before being anything else in his eyes at that instant and it was no wonder then, if instead of running out of there like he should, like Bella probably thought hewould,  he found himself stepping closer to Bella’s bed to have an even clearer view of what was going on, feet from him. A groan tore from his throat again as Bella seemed to forget his presence and let herself go and he couldn’t help his long neglected cock from raising to life in his uniform when her fingers trailed to her entrance and slid slowly in. “God, Bells…” the words poured out of his mouth before he could control himself and he wasn’t more surprised than that to see Bella’s eyes snap open as she heard him. “You still h-here?” she half-said, half-moaned as she didn’t stop in her ministrations, probably too far gone already now to do so. “I’m sorry…” he apologized once more, even if he didn’t make any move to leave for all that, on the contrary. “Do you… do you know how long it’s been since I’ve seen anything this… hot?” he gulped and grunted instead, eyes transfixed as her fingers kept moving in and out of her warm sex. “You really are a pervert, dad…” Bella retorted, yet there was something oddly exciting to the situation she found herself in now. The way Charlie was looking at her, like he had truly never seen anything so sexy in his life made her almost shiver and she smiled, albeit unconsciously, when her fingers slowed down and he immediately spoke to her. “Don’t stop…” he all but growled and barely resisted the urge he suddenly felt to open up his fly and run his hand over his own sex, so he could at least release some of  the pressure he felt himself. “You really want to watch?” Bella asked still somewhat incredulously, yet she seemed unable to listen to the voice that was screaming at her how wrong all this was. She tried to convince herself that as long as there was no contact between them, it would be alright, but she couldn’t deny that the thrill of the illicit act was actually doing things to her that only turned her even more, no matter how decadent it clearly was. Charlie’s jerky nod was the only response she received and she soon found her eyes closing again as she resumed pleasuring herself. Her long fingers pumped inside her even quicker, wanting to reach her release even faster now, at least conscious that this could quickly degenerate if it didn’t end soon, but she couldn’t help but squirm on her bed the closer she came to reaching her edge. Hopefully, once this was done, Charlie would get out and they would both forget this had ever happened, or that she had ever let him witness something so intimate as to her pleasuring herself with thoughts of her mysterious classmate clouding her mind, but she was just about to discover how wrong and how delusional she could truly be. Maybe it was because she had never really seen her father as a sexual being until that point and even less considered that he could have needs as well, but she couldn’t help but gasp aloud when she felt his breath closer to her burning core than she had felt anyone’s in a while now. As strong as he was trying to be and no matter how many times he kept repeating to himself that he should only be a silent, unmoving, spectator to the show that was being presented to him, Charlie finally snapped when he had to see Bella writhing in pleasure just in front of him. Before he could realize what he was doing, he was squatting down in front of Bella’s spread legs and he couldn’t stop a little shiver of excitation from coursing down his back when he immediately noticed the way she trembled when she felt his breath on her. Up close, what he was seeing was even more beautiful and Charlie wasn’t more surprised than that to feel his cock throbbing painfully in his pants now. He knew then he had been foolish until that instant. Foolish to think that he could stay there and not cross a line. Daughter or not, he wanted the woman in front of him. Wanted to touch her. Wanted to taste her. Wanted to take her. The fact that they were related, that he was her father and that this would shock and disgust anyone if they ever heard about it seemed to suddenly slip his mind completely and he could only concentrate on the vision before him and the intoxicating scent that was titillating his nostrils, now that he was close enough to breathe it in freely. His eyes met Bella’s for a few brief seconds and he smiled almost lovingly at her, hoping she wouldn’t hate him for what he was about to do, and she had barely uttered a strangled “what are you doing?” that he was taking her hand and pulling her fingers out of her to bring them to his mouth. It was wrong, he knew, it was depraved and he could probably go to jail just for his thoughts, but as he tasted Bella’s juices for the first time, he couldn’t bring himself to care, or remember all the reasons why he shouldn’t be doing this. His groan coincided with Bella’s unexpected moan, the sensation of Charlie’s tongue licking her own fingers clean off of her secretions being more than she knew she could take in her aroused state and for a few seconds she fought with herself to find the words that would make him stop, before it was too late. “Ch-Charlie…” his name was whispered in disapproval, yet she couldn’t stop herself from briefly closing her eyes to fight what she was feeling when he didn’t stop and sucked her digits into his mouth, like he had just found the tastiest of flavors and would just go insane if he was suddenly depraved of it. “Shh… shh…” he murmured soothingly, knowing what she was going to say, since part of him was thinking exactly the same thing -you can’t do this… this shouldn’t be happening- but he couldn’t find it in him to listen. “Dad…” Bella tried again, hoping that reminding him of who he was, whoshe was, would be enough to stop all this craziness, but she cursed herself for her reaction when he brought her hand back to her core and all but forced her to plunge her fingers back into herself. When she was unable to move at first, he helped her by doing it for her and against her better judgment, she couldn’t help but arch into his touch when one of his own fingers joined hers soon after. His eyes didn’t leave hers and Bella had to bite her lip nearly to the blood to not cry out and let Charlie know what this was doing to her. God, she must have gone way too long without sex to enjoy this now, or it was just that she was just as perverted as her father seemed to be. She had only herself to blame for that, though, after all she had been the one to tell him to suit himself and watch. She should have known that sooner or later he would want more. He was only human after all and daughter or not, she should have understood the temptation she presented. “Keep going, honey… make yourself feel good…” Charlie encouraged her, voice hoarse and showing her just how much this was actually affecting him and Bella found herself unable to disobey him, even if at the same time she hated herself for being so weak. He could barely believe himself he had really been the one talking, but couldn’t stop the twitch of his cock when he saw Bella do as he asked. He didn’t pull his own finger out for all that though, and the more they worked together, the more he felt just how wet Bella was getting under their combined touch. She was honestly going half crazy, unable to even comprehend what was really occurring, yet she couldn’t bring herself to stop him, or herself. She couldn’t even remember how long it had been since she had felt this good and she could already feel a shattering orgasm coming, when Charlie did something that nearly made her bow off the bed. After having followed their joined movements for a few minutes, he couldn’t help noticing the way her juices dribbled down her slit, the sight more than he could take. Before Bella could realize what he was about to do, or even think about stopping him, he pushed her hand away once more and extended his tongue for his first real taste of Bella’s essence. There was no comparing what he could feel under his lapping organ now and what he had felt minutes earlier, when he had briefly tasted her on her own fingers and he devoured her, like a man who knew he would soon be executed and wanted to savor his last meal. “Oh, god… Ch-Charlie… d-don’t…” Bella cried out, as with one hand she tried to push her father away, yet with the other she nearly pulled a chunk of her own hair. It felt that fucking good. The last man, or she should rather say, the last boy who had eaten her out had had no idea of what he was doing, but the man between her legs? God, there was no doubt he mastered the act, the way he ran his tongue up and down her slit before plunging it into her entrance and fucking her with it, the way he sucked on her clit at regular intervals before going back to her opening, was literally sinful and mind-blowing and suddenly it didn’t seem to matter that he should be the very last person in the world that should be making her feel this way. Her fingers tightened in his hair in a last futile effort to make him let go of her, but as he trailed two fingers to her entrance and drove them in to the hilt while he took her clit between his teeth at the same time, she was lost and brought him even closer to her instead, if that were even possible at this point. “That’s it… that’s it, baby… daddy knows how to make you feel really good…” Charlie muttered against her sex as he felt the pressure and the change in Bella and much to her dismay, she found herself groaning out loud when he reminded her ofwhom exactly was bringing her to a certain climax. Like she could have forgotten. Even if she could have somehow, by some miracle, managed to close her eyes and imagine anyone else between her legs, Charlie’s mustache tickle her bare skin every time he moved and there was no faking or ignoring that particular feeling. Charlie himself was like a man possessed, having lost all sense of right or wrong and all his inhibitions in one go and he knew there was simply no way he would be able to stop at this point. Not until he would have felt Bella’s release flooding his mouth. She tasted like the finest of wines and the sweetest honey at the same time and he just couldn’t get enough of her. Fortunately, Bella seemed to be in the same state of possession at that instant, the way she repeated a litany of ‘oh, god… oh, god’ as she rode his face and his fingers now being enough to prove that to him. “Yeah, just like that…” he kept encouraging her as he felt her writhe like she couldn’t get enough of his manipulations herself, and he kept stabbing her with his tongue and his fingers until he felt her contracting around him. “Come, Bella…  come all over my tongue, my dirty little girl…” he growled lustfully, ignoring the voice in his head telling him that that was no way to talk to his own daughter. Instead of shocking her however, his words combined with what he was doing to her were only driving Bella even more completely insane now and before she could stop herself, she let completely go, coming harder than she probably ever had before in her life. Blinded with pleasure, breath coming out in short gasps, she didn’t even really notice how Charlie kept licking her until he was sure there wasn’t a trace of her essence left for him to lick, not until it became almost painful to her to have him there, with how sensitive she had become. “So fucking hot… you needed that, didn’t you?” his words however brought her back to reality and she barely prevented a new grunt from escaping her lips when she opened her eyes to find Charlie still between her legs, licking his lips like she was the best thing he had ever tasted and he still needed more. His mustache wore the traces of what he had just done, yet instead of feeling repulsed like Bella was sure she should feel, she was ashamed to realize that the sight only seemed to turn her on again. When his words registered in her mind, she wanted to deny them of course, tell Charlie that he was oh so wrong and didn’t know what he was talking about, but she knew all too well that she couldn’t, not without lying at least. He was right, she had needed that. She had needed it so much in fact that she had come, like a two-cent whore, in her own father’s mouth, and if that wasn’t bad enough, it had been one of the most powerful orgasms she had ever had in her young life. She had needed that so much that even despite what had just transpired between them, she knew she wasn’t satisfied yet, even if there was absolutely no way she would let him know that. She wanted to tell him to get out now in fact, but much to her dismay, Charlie didn’t seem to be done with her, if the way he kept looking hungrily at her was any indication. His eyes seemed to grow wide suddenly as he spotted something on her bed and Bella barely noticed the wicked gleam that entered his eyes that he was already reaching for the object she had all but forgotten about until that instant. Cold touched her hot sex suddenly and a small whimper tore from her throat when she realized what exactly Charlie had picked up. “Did you plan on fucking yourself with this?” Charlie asked her crudely and she wondered briefly if he had really managed to completely forget who he was talking to, or was just so excited that he just didn’t care. She didn’t even recognize him anymore and was just ready to remind him, once more, of how wrong what they were doing was, when the tip of her purple vibrator penetrated her. He didn’t push it far, just enough in fact for her to feel it, but it was enough to rip a moan from her. “Did you?” he demanded more forcefully when she didn’t answer right away, using a tone of voice that she only recognized all too well this time. It was the one he used when he knew she had messed up somehow or he knew she had done something wrong and was daring her to lie to him. And like every other time he had used it, she knew there was no point trying to be anything but truthful. “Y-Yes…” she stuttered as he pumped a few inches of the toy in and out of her and made her core tingle with pleasure once more. “Are you a virgin, Bells?” he queried next and Bella wondered if he would get mad if she told him the truth. Not that he could do anything about it of course, she was eighteen after all, even if she had no intention of telling him that she had lost her virginity long before reaching that mark, but what father really wanted to know about that detail of his child’s life? And what father ate his own daughter out before fucking her with one of her ‘adult’ toys? the little voice in her head reminded her, making her nearly growl out loud at the stupidity of the whole situation. “No…” she answered after a while, eyes closed as despite herself she savored the feeling of being penetrated by something other than fingers after so long. He wasn’t going deep enough however, but Bella didn’t even have time to protest that Charlie drove the object to the hilt once he was apparently satisfied that he would definitely not be robbing her of her innocence with the toy. He had suspected as much anyway, knowing that Renee had put Bella on the pill a few years ago already and not being stupid enough to not think that Bella had taken advantage of that. It was evident after all that she had needs and that she obviously didn’t hesitate to take care of them when they surged. “Who were you thinking about when you were touching yourself before?” he continued, like they were having a normal conversation and he wasn’t currently pleasuring his daughter and getting a thrill out of it himself. “No o-one…” she whispered and then whined when Charlie bit her thigh with a grunt when he heard her. “Don’t lie to me…” he told her sternly, a harder thrust leaving no doubt about how much he hadn’t appreciated her answer. “Edward… Edward C-Cullen… he… he’s just a b-boy at school…” she found herself crying out when Charlie’s movements became too much for her to keep denying him an honest answer. “Cullen?... the doctor’s son?” he questioned as he heard her, remembering the boy well since he had seen him more than once in town with his parents and adopted siblings. The Cullens had created quite a buzz when they had first moved to little old Forks a few years ago, but Charlie, from what he had heard and what he had witnessed himself, only had good things to say about them. They were good people. At least he had thought so, until that instant. Now, knowing the obvious attraction his own daughter seemed to feel for one of them, he wasn’t sure he liked that particular boy so much anymore, moreover as he remembered that he was the only single one and would probably not mind in the least taking care of Bella’s needs if she just only voiced them to him. But then again, part of him couldn’t help thinking that he wouldn’t have witnessed any of what he had and would certainly not find himself in this situation now if it weren’t for Bella’s interest in the boy. “I… y-yes…” Bella answered, remembering Jessica, one of the first friends she had made in Forks, telling her that Dr Cullen and his wife had adopted Edward and four more ‘top-models’, like she had called them, even if he and his wife were apparently barely old enough to have that many kids. She didn’t know if it really mattered to Charlie to knowwho exactly she was fantasizing about earlier, but what was sure was that he seemed to renew his efforts as soon as he had his answer. “Did you let him fuck you yet?” his next question made Bella nearly growl out loud, the images his words caused coupled with the particularly hard shove he gave into her dripping core making her insides pulse harder around the long hard plastic shaft and she was shocked to realize that she would probably not need much more to come again, even despite the fact that her first release only dated from a few minutes earlier, a first in her life. Unable to vocalize her answer at this point, she only shook her head but it was enough for Charlie to feel somewhat relieved, even if his next words belied his sentiments. “But you want him to, don’t you?” he groaned out when he remembered that Bella had only been there a few weeks and she was already panting after the boys of Forks. He would definitely have to keep a better eye on her from now on, knowing that she was clearly not as innocent as he had still wanted to believe her to be. “Yes… fuck, yes…” Bella all but screamed out this time when Charlie suddenly turned her vibrator on and drove it to the hilt, embedding it as deep as he could go without hurting her and leaving it there while he looked at her with an almost wild look now. He grunted out something that sounded awfully like ‘little slut’, though Bella tried to convince herself that she had simply heard him wrong, but she definitely understood when Charlie claimed that there was no way Edward would know what to do to her, or how to make her feel this good. Before she could protest and defend Edward however, Charlie robbed her of her words once more when he growled low in his throat and eyes fixed on her, asked her if she really thought Edward could do ‘this’ to her, just before he went and sucked hard on her clit. “Oh, g-god…” Bella cried out at the feeling and for a few seconds she forgot all about Edward Cullen and what he could or couldn’t do, the only thing she was still able to comprehend being the pleasure the man between her legs was able to provide her with. Her walls clamped down so hard around her toy all of a sudden that it nearly hurt and she trembled under the onslaught of feelings that coursed through her, almost glad then when Charlie stopped sucking on her clit and just lapped at it, the gesture almost soothing compared to what he had been doing until then. It was still too much though, all too much and she didn’t know how much more she would be able to take. Fortunately, Charlie seemed to sense her state and stopped at last, withdrawing her purple rabbit from her depths. Her reprieve was short lived however, because the second he was done, she felt his tongue against her core again, lapping at her essence like a man finding water in a desert and she whimpered loudly as her whole body shook all over. “Charlie…” she groaned out, tone begging for him to stop before she completely lost her mind. “Hmmm…” the sound he emitted for his part was one of pure satisfaction and his next words only confirmed the feeling. “You taste even sweeter after having come…” If her eyes hadn’t been opened and looking down at him, she could have made herself believe that those words hadn’t come from her own father’s lips, but he was looking directly back at her and she knew he didn’t care in the least that she had actually heard him. God, what was wrong with him? With them? She wanted so much to get out of there and forget what had just happened but she felt like she was numb all over, like her orgasm had robbed her of all energy and she was unable to move a muscle. She didn’t really find sensations in her limbs again until she heard something hit the ground and felt Charlie’s lips against one of her hip, then slowly but surely moving up her stomach. A quick look down showed her that he was slowly pushing her top up so as to uncover more of her skin, but that wasn’t what made her gasp aloud. Seconds ago, she had thought that Charlie had thrown her vibrator down on the floor, but now she realized that it had in fact been the buckle of his belt that had made that noise, for as she watched him now, she clearly noticed that he wasn’t wearing his belt any longer and had unbuttoned and parted his pants, his hard sex clearly visible to her, even if it was still covered by the material of his grey boxers. Heart hammering in her chest, she tried to will her eyes to look somewhere else, anywhere else, but she was unable to tear them away from the sight in front of her, even despite the fact that she could still feel Charlie’s lips on her and that his torso was partially hindering her vision. From what she could see, her father was quite well endowed and if it apparently wasn’t the longest cock she had ever seen, Jimmy Lawson, a boy at her last school having drilled her with his solid nine and half inches once before, it could very well be the fattest and she couldn’t stop shivers from racking her frame at the thought of Charlie fucking her with that beautiful tool. But he wouldn’t, right? He wouldn’t dare go that far, Bella thought, knowing that that would be reaching a whole new level of completely wrong, yet despite herself she couldn’t prevent feeling slightly disappointed, sure that his cock would feel like nothing else before. 